Now before we end this lesson I'm going to show you another
directive to show or hide the element. The directive
is v show. This v show directive it's almost the same
as the v-if which is displaying the element if the
condition that is passed is true or hiding
the element if the condition is false.
So what's the difference between these two.
Now to answer this question
let's open the conditional rendering four dot html
here we have two alerts and two buttons. We will show
or hide each alert if we click on each of these buttons
and we'll see the difference in how
each element is rendered in the page.
Let's switch back over to our editor then
open conditional rendering four dot html
inside this data property there are two properties
show alert  primary and show alert secondary and both
of them are true. Now in this alert primary let's define
v if
show alert primary
and then on the alert secondary let's
define v show show alert secondary.
Now let's chance its property when
we click on each of these buttons
here we can call v-on colon click
then here we will replace it's value with
the inverse value show alert primary
equals not show alert primary. Then here we can
change the second button to show alert secondary.
Now let's see
something wrong.
Sorry I forgot to add equals here.
Save that. OK
before we move on
let's open our web developer tools
then here I will put the window on the right side so
that I can see how each element will be rendered.
I'll hit the v-if button.
Now here we can see the elements are gone.
So it's completely removed.
Now I'll hit the button.
Now we can see the elements still there.
But here it's hidden by adding css display property
if I hit again one more time the display property
will be removed from the element but the v-if
the element will be added to the page or remove from the page.
So that's the difference between v-if and
we v-show in manipulating the elements.
So in general there is no significant
difference between v-if and v-show.
Now you might be asking when do we use v-if
and when do we use the v-show. To find the answer
you can check out the vue js official documentation here.
OK that's it.
I'll see you in the next lesson.